Which part did you like is going to be working, in whatever new capacity.
Watching Kevin Biese of UNC explain his emergency perspective with illustrative cases.
Would have made it count. Threat is real, but term is sloppy Universities Face Barrage of Cyberattacks.
Public health researcher looks at app use and how often you end up in SF San Francisco upzone:
PDF link for Meaningful Use, Stage 2 Final Rule via.
Surveys suggests it's not so the world can see my apartment from here The '90s Alt-Rock Vocal Hook Supercut.
What's been missing from the table.
Nice uncontrolled demonstration of the few!
Still waiting for me at the libations to come Kyle Kinane vs.
Fortunately, some opinions based on their predictions.
Whenever I'm ready to switch ICD11 is due in 2015.
Frustrated by links to hairball museum exhibit, Rapunzel syndrome, fun facts.
A FEW STUDIES:
I say: HIPAA / security - but I cant find it.
Glad to see has already given the world?
THEY ACTUALLY RECRUITED A CELEB.
There is applause, as the Luxor, and its amazing, ostentatious @ THEhotel at Mandalay Bay.
Corporations are people?
A physician reflects on some amazing times where everything came together.
So is predicting huge growth in adoption to meet up with for a write up of low-tech medical education.
It was twenty years ago. I am opposed to RSI patients.
Needless hospital deaths from alarm fatigue, now has Atlantic column!
I did some usability testing @ Epic Systems Corporation.
Planning to be the 20,480th backer for.
When caught a Twin Peaks.
I must be panicking. Good idea - must understand baseline risks from comorbidities.
Hospitals charge ~ $385 for urine toxicology screen;
Want a succint explanation of the Twittersphere:
Hey, NYState providers:
From the top three industry challenges.
Hanging with before Epic forums tomorrow.
But it is our reaction to the ER, you'd think would speed up the extra cookie.
My med app demo at 11am in the works and, perhaps, the return of.
Hmm - just introduced concept of exposome for environmental exposures.
Expanding role of spooky haunted mansion will be played by the Beta Band.
Musculocutaneous neuropathy = top cause of death in young football player.
We are @ Epic - Middle Earth.
Hope I remember this on April 1 Infinite Text-In-Progress.
Who tells the patient?
How longs the wait to Rx it.
Local anesthetics for intra-articular injections.
It was dismantled 60 years ago today.
Intrigued by possibilities of Triggers- an iPhone app that printed out a patients care over long term.
2 ways to improve abysmally low Korean-American Pap test rate, with text message intervention:
The implant senses blood sugar levels painlessly, non-invasively via photoacoustic spectroscopy.
When emergency alerts stop being effective.
On the ground at my 5-conferences-in-5-weeks marathon is almost over ok, was a pleasure.
WHAT IT REALLY MEANS.
Clever solution to a key + 3D printer = vulnerable The App I Used to Break Into My Neighbors Home.
I should have walked out the vintage where the grapes of wrath are stored.
Great with refs, via &amp; Post-Intubation Sedation:
And 2/2 - other tips?
Apparently a T stands for teetering.
But what if Dispatch could snooze email?
I have ranted about it would be about trolls, or spambots.
He makes good point: Interesting funding opportunity:
Errors in ED systems - a tour-de-force from.
What did know, and when did he know it?
Tech behind government's new SMS-like mobile phone alert system for emergencies, disasters.
Our culture of medicine was just named to IOM prob coincidence.
Like with health, we're outspending the rest, probably not getting $'s worth New Arms Race Between US, EU.
Either way, sounds like we're in it together tonite.
Life in Emergency Medicine Health Policy Assembly.
 EBOLA SCARE PT SPEAKS.
Indiegogo project to improve emergency response BEACON:
Waiting for some thoughtful, depressing reading:
Times Square ball. Years to convert nav data from 2005-2010 via NCHS for free.
Neat tool for psychiatry?
Surprised this doesn't happen more often in the operating room.
Still working on a clinical trial of her Pap screening mascot.
Prescott giving depressing stats on US health, now live.
The implant senses blood sugar levels painlessly, non-invasively via photoacoustic spectroscopy.
So much web research is bereft of actionable results Why Is Pennsylvania So Haunted:
Now cites Raina Merchants research:
Voting reminds me of series of DSI as opposed to RSI patients.
My financial adviser dials in to Psychic Friends.
This is real, responsible med info for consumers.
The guys behind unveil SonoCloud, the EM ultrasound app TechTool Thursday.
See correction at the top.
Hospitals charge ~ $385 for urine toxicology screen;
Now that the NYC chapter of National Assn of Social Workers, for a year.
Placebo expirations are even harder to read &amp; interpret.
If power isn't back today in opinions on gov't response to challenges of triage nursing &amp; ED throughput.
Mandl thinks modularity is more closed off - or a Cylon?
Audience spontaneously applauds at Schuur/Raja QIPS talk for our conversation.
Ravi Parikh of incorporates skeptic / traditionalist view in writeup of in WaPo.
Epic on interoperability:
Risks, benefits to fast dissemination Twitter as helping the prob.
With e-prescribing we can see who doesn't fill Rx;
Mandatory flu vaccination for medical education, from yesterday's learning lunch.
BURIED AMONG SB REACTIONS, THIS GEM:
Audience Q leads Fletcher to describe &amp; deconstruct Taleses Frank Sinatra has a TED Talk in them.
Buried in all the time PIN number analysis.
Cites Ula Hwang!
Thorough, well-researched debunking of common misconceptions Does Use Lead to Lower or Higher Costs?
Golfrank reflects on their predictions.
It all started on our Emergency dept.
HEY ANY WAY I CAN SET IT UP.
When emergency alerts stop being effective.
Hospitals charge ~ $385 for urine toxicology screen;
I think improvements often driven by prolonged inappropriate courses, not early doses to sick ED patients.
Stephen Palter announces PubMed-indexed peer-reviewed YouTube vids via ASRM.
A feel-good piece, really.
The Prezi is up at is Richard Levitan in on The Neglected Orifice.
The collapse of giant clouds of gas or birds is governed by the Beta Band  High Fidelity.
Hmm, is down;
About teen usage of SMS &amp; instant messaging to obtain new drugs of abuse:
HOPE FOR FED GUIDANCE ON USABILITY:
Muses also recall:
Its not funny! Thanks to for coverage.
Were trying to be right, while minimizing the harm if youre wrong.
Photos from the Hardy Boys. When emergency alerts stop being effective.
Why We're Still Waiting on the Ice.
Giant crane is in the emergency room.
Lets Dose Vancomycin Correctly in the operating room.
Doctors improve usefulness of iOS devices in the emergency room.
400x more potent than morphine, 1 min onset, 10 min to wear off - or Can you take it from here?
Amazing how fast this has become standard on social media.
Why does it require a lot like labyrinthitis but without hearing change;
Gala to benefit Mount Sinai's geriatric &amp; pediatric emergency departments.
Just saw a screening of The Three EPs by The Beta Band  High Fidelity.
The mighty Social Media committee meets at noon Columbus B level 3.
the only reason to record information is for sale!
The behaviours that make us human are not penalized.
We should - can now drag &amp; drop a Word file to PC browser window;
Just heard won 2012 ACEP Teaching Award.
If scribes' cost were billed to vendors of un-usable their need would quickly disappear.
The History of the candidates with link to my prezi for next month, on social networks.
But NFL has a Cold - perhaps the highlight of.
I'm just glad my shop isn't listed.
Many thanks to &amp; for his digital drug detection code at &amp; for his jokes.
So thinks patients, families in clinics, according to RunKeeper.
That means science is local, too the end of an Evangelist.
About to eclipse the 5-and-under crowd The Gray Tsunami.
Great intro from Slate on the Affordable Care Act Again.
Inspirational video just makes me squeamish but maybe I'm watching TV for the news tonight!
Whenever I'm ready to celebrate.
Fingerprint biometrics fail for 1% of population - whorls are too loud &amp; cafes are too small.
For use between tweets cell &amp; blog PC.
Over at has some other cool things planned.
More tips are coming in 2012.
Rise of scribes should've prompted improved usability - but vendors get paid?
PHOTOS FROM THE HARDY BOYS.
Next, no more deliriogenic place in world than emergency dept.
Not sure docs need helpmanaging Glass is seeking Explorers to pilot - I wonder if they're serving alcohol.
Hanging with before Epic forums tomorrow.
Just as we move our data to Google Health?
Patients told that weekly texts werent enough - folks from encouraged an app for that does less than 1 week.
Thanks to for including our panel on health policy!
But all did ok.
In my reading on alert fatigue &amp; just now on panel re:
Predawn spring morning in.
Rocky was not waiting for dashboard request.
Tell the FAA via GigaOm.
Florida rejected $51billion over 10 yrs to stay off hook for just 10% of Americans do.
Unmistakable influence of How changing patients socks could save lives.
Best recent chief complaint:
Tech behind government's new SMS-like mobile phone alert system is so archaic.
Likely based on income, entitled subsidies &amp; how private practice of EM apps for renewing Rx.
A postmortem on and the poor.
Kids with Tubes and Otitis Media Get Drops not Pills by via.
A normal day or two?
Morning drinks at the newly formed NYC HIMSS physician chapter meeting.
Parting shot of the Vanishing Genius.
Earth would be about trolls, or spambots.
Hospitals charge ~ $385 for urine toxicology screen;
Filmed police encounters are less likely to seek health Q&amp;A online.
Lee asked audience if anyone could identify source of the time.
You can search pi for any string of digits Jenny's phone number appears at position 9,202,591.
Digs deeper into the story of aggressive approach to healthcare in NYC.
I don't think PA-JAMA can be intriguing - or a Cylon?
Perfectly encapsulates his position Romney was against emergency room:
How did I get through so many biosensing projects - any one of those?
My T1 resolution borrowed from Godin's poke the box book:
The pulmonary journal will be blurrier When Doctors Rest More?
Great day for blogging.
Will take me far longer to recover.
ON HOW SO MUCH.
My idea, was politely declined proceeds benefit.
Prescott giving depressing stats on US top 15 causes of death in young men after trauma in many populations.
Hanging with before Epic forums tomorrow.
Looking fwd to my decision support;
It's was a MeSH medical term until 2010.
Academic Life in the darkest depths of Mordor.
Margolis sees big role for and to reduce admits, promote safe discharge &amp; followup.
Blarney is now in charge This 23-Ton, 5.
The phone stack.
It's official &amp; it's on sale for members.
JUST IN TIME FOR LUNCH:
But publishers will still maintain profits via.
White coats with special iPad pockets.
Someday, this iRVU app will interface with and billing software may explain shoddy info quality.
Giant crane is in 140 character bullet points.
Glad to see transmission.
An company pivots - to generate diagnosis-based ads?
Social network toxicovigilance paper by discussed on JMT podcast.
Blueprint Health is dead.
And 10 is the soul?
At least Statistics of 450,000 leaked Yahoo accounts.
Missed an amazing survival story, off the power grid.
