My bf weird
My asss sleepy af n this nigga laid all over da bed
@saaaaamaria I be tryn lol takes time n she prlly is 
@saaaaamaria u n dezi da ones with the jobs
@saaaaamaria lmao it took my ass this damn long to realize that shit  &amp;&amp; lol we suppose to buy it really
My n laws n there watchn Fat Albert  that use to b my shit tho
My baby snoring loud af lol
I just realized @saaaaamaria lied to me 
Hungry......
I swere when my bf on the game I'm completely no existent 
Took a big step no hit ups for me  who gives af tho
 my baby got my back hurting 
 I need my nephew he da perfect cuddle buddy 
My last Rt thank u 
My damn back hurt
Fckn dumbass
I'm so fckn done with ppl man
 this headache tho
A bitch hungry man ! 
I should jump on his ass
Why he sleep on me 
@malsocold  don't start Mal
Hoping for good news 
I can't wait to find out 
If it was up to me boy I'll be down to leave
Wanna be your number 1
With a face like that personality like that a body like that why wouldn't wanna tell the world about you ?
@SavageBree_ I love you more
I wish I can press pause right now cause you know we can't rewind I wish I can call timeout so we can do this thang right
Once you get it you got it forever 
It's a problem bitch you better follow me
Let's get personal 
I Really can't stand bitches !  I'm foreal tho
Why my husband wanna go to sleep on me 
If it ain't so there will be other times ...
We still hoping so I'll shall see 
Long as my baby right here I'm good 
Lmao this bitch agg  @SavageBree_
Love how he just makes everything so much better 
So scared
Finna take a nap I'm tired
I love when my baby be so concerned abt me 
All smiles 
This back pain ughh
 I need the perfect massage right now
Got my step daddy n my boyfriend watching lifetime they so interested 
Ugh my back hurts
I really am noisy when it comes to my nigga lol
Got my boyfriend watching lifetime with me 
LOML I swere 
Bowling alley Witt it
Love how you still by my side no matter what 
Tired Af man
I don't care about none of theses Bitches!
Tub time .. Not feeling 2 good
Smfh
A bitch really walked all the way to the food place with no wallet 
Ugh idk what tf to do if this could be true 
Ughhh In so much pain
If u looking for love you won't find it here I had my share of that 
I think I might of hit it n my dreams
My nigga is a fckn asshole
N pain man 
Goodmorning 
Fckn irritated ! Going tf to sleep 
 TT stank the love of my life miss him http://t.co/gBr9Cz6uEN
Sick af man 
I can't pretend that everything's all good nope I can't say everything is all bad
I will not entertain bullshit
No holding bck just letting all out
My mom is childish af
Missing my nephew 
I needa go to da fckn nailshop lol
I'm on some other shit right now 
Bad girls club today 
Kinda just wanna go to sleep
If I can't trust some the homies I can't trust a hoe ...
Interview tommoroe wish me luck 
Tired of everybody I needa go MIA
Ima end up catching a case !
I need a freaken perm
Let's get personal ! 
@Jetaimeshante lol u know me  percent
I be tired of explaining myself 
@Jetaimeshante lol do that cus I'm finna get heated at yo ass lol
Yo, I be tired of argueing with ppl that shit get old af to me
@AcelOUIEJarvez exactly I'm glad u know lol
@AcelOUIEJarvez lol ima lover not a fighter
I like how @Jetaimeshante don't text me back 
@AcelOUIEJarvez oh so u gone shoot me ? That's fucked up lol
@AcelOUIEJarvez get it up there
@AcelOUIEJarvez fight 
I could blow up ! . But I ain't gone do it
@AcelOUIEJarvez yesss 
My last Rt tho .
Lol I'm trippen
I should slap his ass ..
Smh should've went home !
@AcelOUIEJarvez lol yes u do
@AcelOUIEJarvez lol u stfu
Silence is my treatment that shit work mighty well for me
Don't take much to piss me off !
Slowly but surely irritated to da max
Never satisfied !
Hotter then a chinchilla stay flexin on a bitch nigga !
I ain't the police so I ain't cuffing him 
Get ya paper bishhhhh 
The shit I put up with 

Lol he better fix his lil stank ass attitude !
My boyfriend is bi polar af
My back hurts smfh
My rap go hard lol
I want some pizza ! Lol
Lol when a bitch go broke that's depression mode !
My stomache hurts 
Ugh I need my hair done 
The fact that my boyfriend come n here dancing after his shower naked ass 
Smfh girls I tell you
Need to go to da nailshop today
Now time to shower n get dress
Best way to start my day 
Morning good 
Finna wake him outta his sleep 
LOML 
Watching set it off
Literally wanna go to sleep but I can't
Think I'm bouta take a nap
@Jetaimeshante that's in a few mins lol
@Jetaimeshante Ily more sis wyd
@Jetaimeshante that's always tho lol
Gotta have a talk with em bc I think I'm ready for what we discussed n da past 
I should go wake dayday ass up !
@Jetaimeshante lol I love their accents
I prolly couldn't even pay my nigga to sit still , lawd
@Jetaimeshante lmfao yes sis really
He forever on the move can't sit still for shit !
Somebody called me from Jamaica tf lol
